https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/?authuser=1

Gemini API
Gemma
Google AI Edge
Tools
Community
Search
/

English

Letlhogonolo
Docs
API Reference
Cookbook
Google AI Studio
Prompt gallery
Pricing
Gemini 1.5 Flash price drop, fine-tuning access for all developers, and more! Learn more
Build with the
Gemini
API
Easily integrate Google’s largest and most capable AI model to your apps

Vertex ai icon
Try Google Cloud's enterprise-ready AI
Available now

2 million tokens
Explore our longest context window yet in Gemini 1.5 Pro. Build and experiment with the Gemini API in Google AI Studio.

Multiple Gemini sizes
for unmatched versatility
Available now

Flash
Our fastest multimodal model with great performance for diverse tasks.

Available now

Pro
Our best performing multimodal model with features for a wide variety of reasoning tasks.

Preview access

Ultra
Our largest multimodal model for large-scale, highly complex tasks.

Preview access

Nano
Our most efficient model built for computing on the edge.

Integrate 1.5 Flash into your app with the Gemini API
It's fast and free to start building with Gemini models in Google AI Studio

import google.generativeai as genai
import PIL.Image
import os

genai.configure(api_key=os.environ["GOOGLE_API_KEY"])
img = PIL.Image.open('path/to/image.png')

model = genai.GenerativeModel(model_name="gemini-1.5-flash")
response = model.generate_content(["What is in this photo?", img])
print(response.text)
Google Cloud logo
Enterprise-ready AI
Create agents grounded with your data

Each Gemini model is built for its own set of use cases, making a versatile model family that runs efficiently on everything from data centers to on-device.

Build enterprise-grade AI

Integrate AI models into your services with Google Cloud's robust security, privacy, and compliance framework.

Gemini developer ecosystem
Google tools
Partners
Gemini Nano
Android AICore enables powerful phones to run Gemini Nano, making it easy for you to build on-device AI experiences that use sensitive info or need to work even when the device is offline.

AVAILABLE ON PIXEL 8 PRO AND SAMSUNG S24 SERIES, WITH MORE COMING SOON

Android character
Terms
Privacy

English
The new page has loaded..
